Add Episode 5 exercises (#29)
czi-catalystproject/hub-champion-training: episodes/troubleshooting.md

:::{grid-item}
Objectives

- share learning experiences from their self-guided study
- triage common problems and know where to look for help
- plan a sustainable support strategy for their community

:::

:::::

::::{dropdown} How did it go?
:open:

In pairs, discuss the following points:

- What did you learn that was new to you?

> - Are there any points that were unclear?

Author: @tobyhodges I am so glad for your thoughtful suggestions and experience! This attention to detail is 🔥

- Which areas would you like to explore further?
- Do you think your users would benefit from this lesson?

Prepare to summarise and share with the rest of the workshop.

::::

::::{dropdown} Where to go for help?
:open:

A user wants to use a software application that is not currently available on the hub. Rearrange the following statements in the order of action you would escalate support for this person:

1. Contact the 2i2c technical support desk for assistance
1. Signpost the user to the relevant documentation in the 2i2c Service Guide
1. Arrange one-to-one support to guide the user through the process of pulling a custom container to the hub
1. Find a custom container that includes the requested software application and provide the information needed to pull this container to the hub to the user

:::{dropdown} Solution

There are different ways in which you can approach this support request depending on your technical capacity and your own judgement. However we recommend that you *Contact the 2i2c technical support desk for assistance* as a last resort.

:::

::::

> ::::{dropdown} Plan your support process
> :open:
> 
> Build a plan for how you will support the use of your hub amongst your community. Here are some things to consider:
> 
> - How will you communicate with your users?
> - Where will your users report issues?
> - What needs do you anticipate from your users? How can you set them up for success?
> - How will you track whether an issue gets resolved?
> - What resources are available to help you when you need help?
> - When should you ask for technical assistance from 2i2c?
> - How much time can you commit to support activities?
> 
> ::::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::::{dropdown} Plan your support process
:open:

Build a plan for how you will support the use of your hub amongst your community. Begin by trying to answer the following questions:

- How will you communicate with your users?
- Where will your users report issues?
- What needs do you anticipate from your users? How can you set them up for success?
- How will you track whether an issue gets resolved?
- What resources are available to help you when you need help?
- When should you ask for technical assistance from 2i2c?
- How much time can you commit to support activities?

Considering your responses to the prompts above, identify which of the following resources you already have access to and which you would need to create/obtain:

- communications platforms and channels
- tools for tracking issues/support requests
- documentation
- training

Is there anything else you need, to support hub users?

::::
```

Not sure about the exact formulation here, but I am attempting to lead learners one step closer to an actionable plan, building off the prompts you already provided.
